Game rules:

Goal is to gather as much points as possible. At the start of the game players
decide the game mode: points or rounds. In points, the winner is the one who
exceeds the points limit first. In rounds, the winner is decided by who has the
most points at the end of the round limit.

Player gets points from building buildings, buying workers and having workers work.
Players can only assign workers and buildings on an area that they own. At the start
of the game, players own 4x4 area around their HQ which is located in one of the
corners of the map. HQ coordinates for
players: p1: 0,0, p2: 10,10, p3: 10,0, p4: 0,10.

Players can expand their owned area by placing a outpost onto a tile. Outpost
expands the owned area by 2x2 around the outpost.

Workers are hardworking and terrority aware people, who don't care for facilities
or machinery. That's why they can only be placed on empty forest or grassland tiles.
Once assigned, they will not move and will work until the world collapses around them.
Will gather resources from their tile at the end of each round.

Farmers belong to an old tribe full of hillbilly rednecks. They only agree to
work on a well established farm.

Miners also are quite picky on their tasks. They can only be assigned onto mines.

The map has 3 types of tiles. Forest, grassland and mountain.

Player has 5 types of buildings: HQ, työkkäri, farm, mine & outpost.

HQ: Determines player starting corner. Grants perk: "Town mayor". Has no other
functionality.

Työkkäri: Can be placed on forest, grassland. Enables the player to recruit ("Osta")
different kinds of workers. All types can be recruited at any time. Player can
only have 1 työkkäri.

Farm: Can be placed only to grasslands. Is needed to place a farmer onto a tile.

Mine: Can be placed only to mountain tile. Is needed to place a miner onto a tile.

Outpost: Expands the players' owned tiles by 2 tiles around the outpost.


Game instructions:
First you select a tile by clicking it. After selection, the available actions
can be determined from clickable buttons. Assigning workers is permanent. You can't
move them afterwards. Player can't build onto a tile which has a worker in it.

Class resposibilites:
- MapWindow is our god-like class that handles almost everything in our game. We
are deeply sorry for this. Please forgive us. responsibilities: updating hud,
keeping track of game state, managing player actions
- Gamemenu takes player names, game mode and starts the game or closes the window.
- GameEventHandler is responsible for modifying resources for each player.
- ObjectManager stores all the tiles and workers of the map.
- PlayerOBject has responsibility over players' current resources, owned tiles
and available workers.
- GameScene tells if a tile has been clicked.. YAY!
- MapItem is respinsible for changing object size before they are drawn onto map.
It is also responsible for using correct images for objects.
- TeamResourceMaps has all resource maps for inherited objects.
- Tiles & Buildings are responsible for their corresponding object.

Division of labour:
The project was mostly done together on one computer. While one did coding the
other gave moral support AND hc googling.

--Aleksi
-Aleksi did almost everything. Thy name be praised.

--Sampo
- Some functions here and there
- Inherited tiles and buildings
- EndDocument
- Lots of moral support
